Great brunch spot.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Piece of trash.	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
There was hardly any meat.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
The portion was huge!	1
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
Great food.	1
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I really liked that.  	1
We will not be coming back.	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
A Disappointment.	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Very disappointing!!!	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Works great.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Very bad Experience!	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
Give this one a look.  	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
It was so funny.  	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
And the sound quality is great.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
For the price this was a great deal.	1
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
I'd love to go back.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
nice leather.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
The food, amazing.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
Worst martini ever!	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Their chow mein is so good!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
It was just not a fun experience.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
This is a great deal.	1
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Great food and awesome service!	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
The service was meh.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Very happy with this product.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
Very very fun chef.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
Totally believable.  	1
Great phone!.	1
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
Really awful.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
VERY comfortable.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Battery life is real good.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
I thought it was bad.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
It's just painful!  	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
Great Value.	1
So they performed.	1
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
" I love it.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
Go rent it.  	1
Better than expected.	1
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
It has all the features I want	1
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
I love this device.	1
Omit watching this.  	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Good price.	1
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
Poor Construction.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Why was this film made?  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
I had to purchase a different case.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
Bad Reception.	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
It was equally awful.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
Definitely a bargain.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
No complaints!	1
After two I felt disgusting.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Better Than New.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
THey are so cool!	1
(It works!)	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
That was nice.  	1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
Great pork sandwich.	1
No real improvement.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
Love this product.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
Good case!.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Not a good bargain.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
Would not go back.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Great product for the price!.	1
The food was very good.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
poor quality and service.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
I will not return.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
Excellent short film.  	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
The design is very good.4.	1
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
But it's just not funny.  	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
Great Phone.	1
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
The phone loads super!	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Very good phone.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
It was absolutely amazing.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
Sending it back.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
very good product, well made.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Great sound and service.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
You wont regret it!  	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
It was not good.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
It was awesome.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
It's very slow.  	0
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
Not impressed.	0
Portable and it works.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
It's pretty easy.	1
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
Not good enough for the price.	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
Nice Sound.	1
I LOVED it!	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Very poor service.	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
It was a great phone.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
I liked it.  	1
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
Very good, though!	1
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
what a disappointment	0
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
I was so insulted.	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Highly recommended A+  	1
The food was terrible.	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
I consider this theft.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Won't go back.	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
An absolute must visit!	1
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Disappointed!.	0
It is worth the drive.	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
I would recommend this.	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
!I definitly recommend!!	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
Made very sturdy.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
He was terrible!	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
10/10  	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Works great.	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
Fantastic food!	1
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
Bad Purchase.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
Too politically correct.  	0
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
Lousy product.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
did not like at all.	0
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
I would recommend it.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This movie is BAD.  	0
This was like the final blow!	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Great price also!	1
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Does not fit.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
This case seems well made.	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
The bartender was also nice.	1
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
It is not good.  	0
Comfort for our whole family.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I want my money back.	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
This is just a great movie.  	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
Nothing special.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Very good quality though	1
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
It just blew.  	0
Was not happy.	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
This movie is also revealing.  	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
Very prompt service.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
It was delicious!!!	1
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Excellent product.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
You won't regret it!	1
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
How awesome is that.	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
Worked great!.	1
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
What a mistake.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
I *heart* this place.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
Poor quality.	0
Great service and food.	1
This is a disgrace.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
This is a good joint.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Works great!.	1
The Burrittos Blah!	0
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
We won't be returning.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Con: spotty service.	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
It is an insane game.  	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Worst customer service.	0
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
A bit predictable.  	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This place is amazing!	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
Never going back.	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
Excellent!.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
But then they came back cold.	0
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
What a waste of time!	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
this place is good.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
A pretty good product.	1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
Over rated.	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
She carries the movie well.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
The mic is great.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
Not recommended.  	0
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Good food , good service .	1
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
Will not be back.	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Terrible management.	0
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Great phone.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
This is a great phone!.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
I am very happy	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
I will never forget it now.  	1
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Bad Choice.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Does Not Work.	0
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
Don't buy it.	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
Food was really boring.	0
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
Horrible!  	0
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
It looks very nice.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
lightweight and works well.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
It was packed!!	0
It's a great item.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Battery has no life.	0
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
They know how to make them here.	1
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
Does everything it should and more.	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Would recommend this item.	1
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
The manager was the worst.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
I waited and waited.	0
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
Brilliance indeed.  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
I wouldn't return.	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
worthless product.	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
The food is good.	1
"You'll love it!  	1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Excellent performance.  	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
How awful she is!  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Works for me.	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Hated it.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
Defective crap.	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
I love this thing!	1
The reception has been generally good.	1
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
A great touch.	1
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The delivery was on time.	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
Price is good too.	1
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
Great movie!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Horrible phone.	0
Eclectic selection.	1
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
A good time!	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
Do not waste your money here!	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
The management is rude.	0
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
Tasted like dirt.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
Everything was good and tasty!	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Love This Phone.	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Great audio!.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
I was mortified.	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
disappointed.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
I won't be back.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
He deserves 5 stars.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Not worth it.	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
10/10  	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
And I just love the colors!	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
doesn't last long.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
That company is a joke.	0
best bluetooth on the market.	1
I love this place.	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
This is infuriating.	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
I think not again	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
The story line is just awful!  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
Soggy and not good.	0
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
Service sucks.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
It is a true classic.  	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Omelets are to die for!	1
I won't be back.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
It's just lame.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
the cast was great.  	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Disappointing experience.	0
Don't waste your time here.	0
This is a great little item.	1
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
Love it.. Great armband.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Has been working great.	1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
Terrible service!	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
Check it out.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
I paid too much.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
Poor Reliability.	0
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Looks great and is strong."	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Great product and price.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
The worst one of the series.  	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
Reversible plug works great.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
REALLY UGLY.	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
Very easy to use.	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
I probably would not go here again.	0
Food was delicious!	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This game rocks.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
What a mistake that was!	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
fast service.	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
We loved the place.	1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
dont go here.	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
Its the best headset I have used.	1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
The plug did not work very well.	0
Great Phone.	1
The script is…was there a script?  	0
Excellent hands free tool.	1
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
there is no real plot.  	0
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
Absolutely great.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
This phone works great.	1
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Will not be back!	0
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
Her role was played well.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
Really good product.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
Not enough volume.	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Would not reccommend.	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
It was pretty gross!	0
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Low Quality.	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
So Far So Good!.	1
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
The film is way too long.  	0
They have great dinners.	1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
Nice design and quality.	1
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Truly awful.	0
Works as described.	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
Magical Help.	1
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Very disappointing.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
But I don't like it.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
I love this place.	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
It worked very well.	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
Awesome service and food.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Food was below average.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
And it was boring.  	0
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
Five star Plus, plus.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
Dont waste your money...	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Mediocre food.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The fries were great too.	1
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Great choice!	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
The food wasn't good.	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
I can't wait to go back.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
Buttons are too small.	0
So bad.  	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
It was just too horrible.  	0
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
It is shameful.  	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Works well.	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I'll even say it again – this is torture.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
It was horrendous.  	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Painful on the ear.	0
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
Great Earpiece.	1
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Awful service.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
Incredible!.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Service is also cute.	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
good item, low price.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
Worth every penny.	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
Exactly what I wanted.	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
See it.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Good audio quality.	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
We are sending it back.	0
Really bad.  	0
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
Damn good steak.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
Good prices.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
will definitely be back!	1
cool phone.	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
They were excellent.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Works fine.	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
Great Product.	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
You can't beat the price on these.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
What a waste.	0
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Poor product.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
It was probably dirt.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
