i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  
Nice ambiance.
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  
Don't waste your money!.
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  
It does everything the description said it would.
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  
What a waste of money and time!.
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.
Pretty awesome place.
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.
But now I was completely grossed out.
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  
Exceptionally bad!  
the presentation of the food was awful.
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.
Not my thing.
How stupid is that?
The transfers are very good.  
But I thought his acting was skilled.  
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!
Does not fit.
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.
Good product, good seller.
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
We won't be going back.
Best tater tots in the southwest.
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.
Also the story and acting were weak.  
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  
The problem was the script.  
A great way to finish a great.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.
Will order from them again!
The script is horrendously stupid.  
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.
There still are good actors around!  
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
This place has it!
The only downside is the service.
WELL IM SATISFIED.
I'll definitely be in soon again.
AMAZON SUCKS.
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.
Great charger.
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  
The food came out at a good pace.
Either way, it sucks.  
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.
Last time buying from you.
Overall, a delight!  
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.
Def coming back to bowl next time
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.
Don't buy this product.
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
Good show, Samsung.
dont buy it.
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
I was very disappointed in the movie.  
I would not recommend this item to anyone.
I Was Hoping for More.
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.
Interesting decor.
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
Everything about this movie is stupid.  
I could not recommend these more.
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  
Don't do it!!!!
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  
Always a pleasure dealing with him.
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.
So absolutley fantastic.
Probably not in a hurry to go back.
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
Then, there's the plot holes.  
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  
Pretty cool I would say.
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.
Now I know that I made a wise decision.
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
Better than you'd expect.
Sooooo good!!
Good transmit audio.
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.
Returned 8 hours later.
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  
awesome device.
Also makes it easier to hold on to.
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)
Easy to use.
Unfortunately, it was not good.
Today the graphics are crap.  
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  
It was way over fried.
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!
Service stinks here!
You get what you pay for I guess.
Excellent product for the price.
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.
The warm beer didn't help.
Ample portions and good prices.
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
Blue Ant is easy to use.
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  
definitely will come back here again.
I enjoyed it.  
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.
- They never brought a salad we asked for.
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.
Having trouble with volume.
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.
Phone falls out easily.
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.
Good , works fine.
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  
Never got it!!!!!
I will not be eating there again.
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.
Service was fantastic.
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  
Nice solid keyboard.
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.
In short, don't bother with this movie.  
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.
And service was super friendly.
Will be back again!
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  
Extremely Tasty!
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.
It's not what it says it is.
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.
I rather enjoyed it.  
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
Great phone.
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  
disappointing.
I was seated immediately.
I had a pretty satifying experience.
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
Again, lame.  
Go watch it!  
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
The food was terrible.
Its a total package.
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.
It was horrible!.
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  
They really want to make your experience a good one.
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  
Used and dirty.
I give it 2 thumbs down
- Really, really good rice, all the time.
Good Quality.
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.
The best phone in market :).
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.
Very satisifed with that.
stay away from this store, be careful.
Thank you for wasting my money.
A truly, truly bad film.  
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
This place should honestly be blown up.
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.
There were too many close ups.  
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
It is simple to use and I like it.
Great for iPODs too.
Bad Quality.
Weird vibe from owners.
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  
I great reception all the time.
The acting sucked.  
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.
Raw and sublimely moving.  
I was not impressed by this product.
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
These are fabulous!
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  
The lead man is charisma-free.  
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  
Waste of money.
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  
Service is friendly and inviting.
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!
So just beware.
Voice recognition is tremendous!
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.
But this movie really got to me.  
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.
$50 Down the drain.
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.
All the bread is made in-house!
Great place fo take out or eat in.
I'm pleased.
Not good for the money.
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
) Don't waste your time.  
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
It was so BORING!  
Good Service-check!
Really pleased with this product so far.
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
Perfect for the PS3.
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  
The story is beyond stupid.  
The directing seems too pretentious.  
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
useless phone, simply deaf.
The battery works great!
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.
Highly recommended.
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.
A standout scene.  
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  
Everything was gross.
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  
DELICIOUS!!
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
Also great directing and photography.  
Best tacos in town by far!!
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
OMG, the food was delicioso!
I'm a bit disappointed.
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.
very disappointed.
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.
This place is horrible and way overpriced.
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.
Battery is terrible.
VERY funny!  
Love this headset!
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  
Excellent bluetooth headset.
is pretty funny.  
Crust is not good.
The script is a big flawed mess.  
This one works and was priced right.
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  
Restored my phone to like new performance.
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  
I was VERY disappointed!!
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
Great bluetooth!.
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.
Spend your money and time some place else.
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  
It was a waste of my money.
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.
Same problem as others have mentioned.
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  
Don't miss it.  
I've had better atmosphere.
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  
The turkey and roast beef were bland.
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.
New Battery works great in phone.
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  
The kids play area is NASTY!
Very, very sad.
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.
The waitresses are very friendly.
Just what I wanted.
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  
Camerawork - again, bad.  
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.
don't waste your money.
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
This is such a fun and funny movie.  
I advise you to look out for it.  
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  
Excellent starter wireless headset.
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  
In a word, it is embarrassing.  
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  
Very good food, great atmosphere.1
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.
Worked perfectly!
I love this phone!.
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  
The patio seating was very comfortable.
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  
Not easy to watch.  
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"
We'll never go again.
Works great!.
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  
Beautiful styling though.
It is a joy to use.
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.
Everything stinks.  
What happened next was pretty....off putting.
Both great!
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
Awful.  
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  
Even the squibs look awful.  
Everyone is treated equally special.
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.
Not recommended.  
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
It also had a new problem.
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  

